License Agreement and Documentation added (#16048)
mattermost/mattermost-server: README.md

- [See who's using Mattermost](https://mattermost.com/blog/category/customer-stories/)
- [Browse over 700 Mattermost integrations](https://integrations.mattermost.com/)

## License

> See the [LICENSE file](LICENSE.txt) for license rights and limitations.

Author: @jasonblais I have changed the text as asked by you also I have shortened the URL to the license agreement file

Author: @jasonblais please let me know if the shortened URL will work or I may change it to a full link

> To read the license agreement visit [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) for license rights and limitations.
```
